Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Why don't you use the money
you're making from your customers
to hire a nanny?
Look at this lady.
Right?
You won't get a nanny
that would help you watch this child.
For what?
Please. I'm late for an exam. sorry.
Omo. how are you?
Mrs Odour...
Is this lady OK?
Thank God.
Which exam?
Why don't you wait
for your mother to wake up?
I should wait for her
to wake up and tell me to leave. right?
Good morning.
Look. Daddy. me...
Please. I'm begging you.
I'm begging you. you hear me?
-Please. please. my child.
-I have heard you. sir.
I've heard you. sir.
I've heard you.
Look at where you are going.
Please take a seat.
Have you gone mad?
Do your eyes pain you?
You're a fool.
But. Mummy. you're the one
that used your leg to--
Your mother!
You can't be my child. Nuisance.
Sorry. sir.
Look at what she looks like.
You can't be my child.
Get out of my sight. before I kick you!
See what she looks like!
She looks like a dead person.
Big dummy.
Useless fool. useless child.
Have you gone mad?
Do your eyes pain you? You're a fool.
You can't be my child.
See what she looks like! Big dummy.
She hasn't been
into this house in four years.
What if you die. what will you tell God?
Don't you want to get well?
Don't come and die in my hands. please.
What's up?
Sorry. traffic. right?
Yam flour has finished. Jesus.
Hey. guy. what's happening?
I'm trying to eat.
Then keep calm.
you'll see me soon.
Jesus Christ.
I'm OK.
Right?
Hey. what's up?
Please.
Babysit?
Yoruba people babysit as well?
Hey. what's up?
Just help me hold down one spot.
Please.
Look here.
Keep deceiving yourself. not me.
We shall see where all this ends.
Sure.
But you as well.
Fine girl. come here.
"You mustn't follow men.
You mustn't have a boyfriend!
You mustn't--
You can't follow any boy.
you mustn't have any boyfriend.
You must really like this song.
Please. please. please.
Ah! Really?
Good day. Ma.
Serial cheat.
Big fool.
You'll soon come home pregnant.
Joseph will soon have a junior sibling.
Look at how you throw yourself at a man.
Shameless fellow.
Dumb person.
You. this local fellow. long fool.
You prostitute.
You. this empty barrel.
Promiscuous fellow.
Nonsense.
Fool.
You're better off dead.
You have met the wrong person.
Look here.
I pity you. you think he will marry you?
Look at him. he is a time waster. Fool.
Do you think he will marry you?
I pity you.
When you're done creating the problem.
who will solve it?
It can't be me.
Nonsense.
Respectfully. Ma.
Aiye is not a useless child.
Aiye is a good girl
and she has a bright future.
Goodbye. Ma.
My boss.
What are you saying?
Bad child.
What is going on?
Toke. I will slap you.
Don't try it or I'll
push you down! I'll push you down. Ma!
What is she saying?
I begged you.
Thank you. Ma. goodbye.
Please help me. Mummy.
Please come.
Let us go and eat.
Go and eat. OK. sorry.
I'm coming. OK.
Omo. you come with a lot of troubles.
What sort of problem is this?
Is it amala I will be selling till I die?
Why is my life like this?
Why is my life like this? Why?
Yes. Ma.
I would say they are lying.
The child that I threw away.
Ungrateful.
The king that no one gave birth to.
The God that gives blessings.
My first child.
This. my breast...
I will use it to pray for you.
Your husband's house
will not be uncomfortable for you.
Your path will not be destroyed.
You will succeed.
You will prosper.
I bless the day you were born.
You will not
suffer.
May God help you in all your endeavours.
You will not lack anything.
Your husband's house
will not be uncomfortable for you.
May everyone favour you.
May you be accepted.
You will prosper.
It is well with you.
May you not offend anyone
unwilling to forgive.